Fix UUID in playbook regression. (#2639)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a new validation to the **validate** command to verify that the release notes headers are in the correct format.
* Changed the **validate** command to fail on the IN140 error code only when the skipped integration has no unit tests.
* Changed **validate** to allow hiding parameters of type 4 (secret) when replacing with type 9 (credentials) with the same name.

> * Fixed an issue where **download** didn't identify playbook and downloaded files with UUID instead of file or script name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **download** didn't identify playbooks properly, and downloaded files with UUIDs instead of file/script names.
```
